There are a lot of programs to help sailors deal with grief or loss. But
I think really the most effective one are the people around that
sailor. I said If a sailor feels isolated, that can oftentimes just
exacerbate the feelings of of loss or grief. But if they know that there's
someone around for support, then that can go a long way to helping
them. My wife, not in the Navy, but she was very instrumental
in helping another woman get through a miscarriage, and it wasn't because
she was trying to do everything for the woman or solve her problems.
She was simply there. So in my opinion, the very fact that my
wife was there and available to that woman went a long way to helping
the woman deal with a very difficult and grief stricken process.